- The agent was able to get fully through my spec on the first try, and passed all 7 of my acceptance criteria on the first try (I also manually confirmed this). This could potentially be because my criteria may not have been specific enough, so passing is not enough of a metric to say the build was successful. 
- I did not need to intervene in Phase 2 at all. I did notice the AI make some errors like not mixing up the order of questions/options and adding handling for when short answers were close enough, I felt as though these were issues with my spec not being specific enough and not agent errors. What I elarned from this is that the spec needs to find a balance between specificity and freedom. If the spec is too detailed, the agent will struggle to find creative solutions and the human will spend a long time making it, negating the benefits of agentic workflows. If the document does not have enough specificity, downstream changes you ask the agent to add might require fundamental logic changes to the code, which I believe AI handles far more poorly than syntax/minor feature edits. 
- I thought the Phase 3 feature review was helpful. It created its own test_app.py file to help with testing, which could be super useful in the future. It also flagged real issues with error handling and such. Some of its lower priority fixes I felt were a bit over the top, such as being super insistent on using atomic write for secure data. I think this is partly because the app is so simple that the AI has time to focus on minor issues and the fact that I didn't actively force the AI to explain why it prioritized certain issues over others and mostly trusted its judgement. 
- I think I could have slightly improved the spec by adding an anticipated issues section, where I could have detailed specific features/bugs that I think the AI would be most likely to forget about/miss/run into. Similar to the Error Handling section but more focused on my predicitons for what the AI would get wrong in advance. 
- I believe this workflow is far superior in almost every way to the conversational workflow we have used up until now. The AI is more deeply integrated into the project, has access to the current state of all files, can run command prompts, and dsiplays its live thinking with sophisticated tools for allowing/disallowing certain tasks. My belief in this workflow is only strengthened by my knowledge that multiple high-powered software companies (like Antropic) are already utilizing such mult-agentic workflows where human engineers act as project managers whose job it is to unblock their "employees" which are various agents running different tasks.